"Youtube unfortunately have deactivated all comments under kids' videos...no way for parents to share feedback anymore. So in case anyone looks here:

Peppa Pig is a totally charming and well-meaning 'family sitcom'. There's plenty of funny scenes which will be familiar to parents. The eps are in bite-size 5min lengths. Perfect for the odd treat and nice to watch together with your toddler.

If you want a time-out, Youtube has a few uploads where 3 full eps are viewable: search for Peppa Pig ""3 episodes"". These eps are in full, with a total length of just under 15 minutes.

But beware:

over the last few years Toddler Youtube channels have become incredibly lazy: i.e. Automated. Instead of uploading a single video (say 5-15min long) with a coherent narrative, the channels now upload hour-long 'compilations' which are randomly-edited (probably by bot-scripts). This means if you're not supervising, your toddler will watch stories suddenly stop right in the middle of their narrative, and cut to the middle of a totally different 'episode'. This can't be good for learning! Even the official channel for Peppa Pig is doing this. And as Youtube deactivated comments there's no way to feedback on it."
"Very funny and cute, one of the better ""kids""-oriented shows on now
I wasn't introduced to this show until recently. I confess it didn't interest me before, but while flicking through channels one morning I came across it, and the rest is history. I do wish I didn't let my initial judgement cloud over, as this is a wonderful show that is a refreshing retread from the mediocre and awful cartoons that are airing now(ie. Dora the Explorer). What's more, not only is it perfect for kids, but there is quite a bit for adults to admire too.

The animation has quite an interesting and unique style to it, but all the same it is a colourful and smooth look. Not only do the colours look plentiful and lavish, but the backgrounds don't look cheap and the characters look cute. The music is great as well, the background scoring is good and melodious, but the real revelation is the theme tune which is very catchy and infectious, one of my favourite ""kids show"" theme tunes along with Shaun the Sheep and Pingu.

What also captivates about Peppa Pig is its charm. The dialogue is always droll and touching, simple it is but simple I like. The stories are very well-paced and easy to understand. What is also special about these stories are the way it incorporates the morals. These morals don't feel forced, shoe-horned in or preachy, instead they are incorporated in a subtle way and they never feel superfluous to its respective story. The characters I can relate to with no problem whatsoever, the characters here are very sweet and likable and that's not just the titular character.

All in all, a very funny and cute show and I cannot wait to see more of it. 10/10 Bethany Cox"
"Me and Carrie (Johnson) absolutely love this.
As Prime minister I seldom have the time to really let my hair down, however what a fun filled day myself and Carrie had at Peppa Pig world on 21st November.

The day was supposed to be for Wilfred but I think I enjoyed it more! Don't tell anyone!

I love watching these TV programmes when I'm planning new policies or trying to hide, in fact when I hid in that fridge I actually was watching an episode on my phone, how epic is that! I had to come out in the end as my signal wasn't too spiffing.

What I like about Peppa pig is he's a fictional character who can tell as many lies as he wants, and no one bats an eyelid, I've learnt a lot from him.

My best friend Dom and me used to watch all the episodes together, but sadly his eye sight got so bad he had to stop watching. He's been a bit better after getting them tested though.

I've actually written a few episodes myself but due to them being very sleazy the production company rejected them. Boo! That's what I say!

I can highly recommend this series and I can't wait to have more time to watch them in a binge fashion when I'm finally committed to a psychiatric ward.

Enjoy,

Boris."
"One of the best childhood shows of all time!
I used to like when I was little, because the characters are look great!"
"Absolutely brilliant
Its funny as hell, teaches kids a lot. Dinasaaaaaw XD."
"delightful
For many reasons I saw it as a sort of strawberry icecream. Refreshing, tasty, very simple. A beautiful, comfortable animation, giving much than you expect, proposing nic lessons and charming, in deep simplicity, characters. Short, delightful."
"WORST KIDS SHOW EVER!!!
This show is garbage for the children. It's messages are: Fatshame your loved ones, you will get what you want by throwing a tantrum, and more bad messages for the kids. ""Peppa Pig"" is garbage. It is the equivalent of giving your child fried foods for breakfast."
"This show needs to be turned into bacon
So, Peppa Pig, a cartoon I wanted to review for a long time, why? Because this show is the worst cartoon I´ve ever seen! Ok, ok, I´m sorry for that, let´s just talk about why is this show terrible.

The Characters: Oh jeez, the characters are just painfull, but let´s go through them by group, and what better way to start off with the narrarator. Usually in a kids show, a narrarator is used to help children understand what´s going on, thus giving an opportunity for them to learn. Peppa´s narrarator, on the other hand just keeps repeating everything that just happened in the show, as if the children watching the show are blind or just too dumb to get anything that´s going on. Now then, let´s talk about the babies, who are easily the worst characters in the show. Why? Because they cry for stupid stuff, sure, they´re babies, but, usually in a cartoon, the babies or any other character should cry when something really bad happens to them, that way, we feel sorry for these characters, the babies in Peppa Pig just cry for stupid stuff like ice cream, a kite, a dinossaur, to even a freaking rainbow and it just gets annoying. The kids are just a bunch of brain-dead rude people that don't know about things they should´ve known when comparing to their age, also, they just keep calling Daddy Pig fat and keep arguing with each other, but they´re fight is saved somehow because of Daddy Pig saying that they´re just friends and it´s solved, which confuses me a bit, given that there are better ways to prevent an argument from happening. Speaking of Daddy Pig, the adults are really mean and really stupid, for starters, they don´t know how to be responsible towards their children, since they let them get off scot-free for their terrible behavior, and, much like the kids, keep calling Daddy Pig fat, even though they are fat themselves, given that all of them have the same body proportion and design.

Speaking of which, the animation is incredibly lazy, the desings are just copy/pasted for each character, the backgrounds just consist of Microsoft Paint hills, clouds, grass, and puddles, and the character movements are stiff, with the only form of smooth movement coming from the lip movements.

The messages are really terrible in this, they just consist of: It´s okay to be rude to your parents because you won´t get in trouble, cry for everything because everyone around you will help you out, steal someone´s car and you don't get in trouble, it's okay to use the hands in soccer, because you´re the goalkeeper, now tell me, aren´t these lessons a horrible influence to your kids. Some of the lessons the show teaches can be downright dangerous, such as befriending harmful insects and arachnids, stick your hand on any surface like the ocean or a puddle of water, and even that all of the world's countries never had any conflict with each other (the latter of which is just a flat-out lie, if you know what I mean).

So that´s why I personally consider Peppa Pig the worst cartoon ever, now, if you do like this show then I respect your opinion, but for me, this is the worst show ever."
"Should Be Banned
This show is awful and doesn't teach kids the right thing, Peppa Pig thinks she's better then everyone when she's extremely bossy and rude and never gets told off for her behaviour!!!"
"Genius. Appeals to babies, toddlers, tots, adolescents and most of all adults
I've watched this with my children since they were born. My youngest is 10 now and we always revert to this when we can't agree on what to watch. It's the only thing we can agree and laugh together on."
"Bad for children 100%
Honestly I think it is annoying too but it's a little kid's show so my review is on why most of it is bad for children

I would never let my children watch this show ever. It teaches kids how to be snot-nosed brats that throw temper tantrums because they don't get what they want. Oh and to treat family like garbage.

Such as the camping episode where they forced their dad out of the tent he made and brought and made him sleep outside in the rain then the car. Then we're all like laughing as nothing happened. If I ever did that to my mom or my dad, I would be grounded. Kids who watch this are going to think it is ok to push your family aside because there is no room for them.

Oh and the one where she had a friend over and they had dolls and Peppa's doll was all gross so they went to the doll cleaners and Peppa had a snooty attitude about anything that was suggested, even cleaning the dang thing which she went there in the beginning with! If I EVER raise my voice or talk in a way like Peppa did to anyone older than me I would have been grounded and taught a lesson not to be a temper tantrum prone little whiny baby like Peppa.

Only a very few episodes, at best, shows and teaches kids something good. The rest is teaching them pretty much garbage attitudes and personalities (just like Cailou). We should be teaching kids morals of being a good child not immorals of being a spoiled brat."
"Even adults love Peppa.
My grandson has been watching Peppa for a year now. He is 19 months old . He loves Peppa and especially George and his ""dinosaur"". He has learned to say no and every time we say dinosaur he growls...Even his aunt and I must have our nightly fix of Peppa...its a family animation that we dearly love over here in the US."
"Adorable
Peppa Pig is a lovable cheeky little piggy who lives with her little brother George, Mummy Pig, and Daddy Pig. Peppa's favourite things include playing games, dressing up, and jumping in muddy puddles. Her adventures always end happily with snorts of laughter. Peppa Pig (both the show and the character) are so charming and adorable. Peppa is curious and talkative just like any kid her age and George is just plain adorable. Mummy and Daddy Pig also have their moments, especially when Daddy Pig is trying to accomplish something like when he's determined to go through blackberry bushes. I also get a kick out of Peppa's friends such as Susie Sheep, Zoey Zebra, Rebecca Rabbit, Emily Elephant, Danny Dog, and Pedro Pony. The stories themselves are very sweet and innocent, reminding me a bit of my childhood with the things Peppa comes up with. Absolutely darling and the art style is unique and whimsical, with a storybook-like quality reminiscent of Maisy, Oswald, Little Bill, Max And Ruby, Kipper, or Sagwa. The background music is so nice and soothing and I personally enjoy the narrator. He manages to sound simultaneously calm and excited."
"Review
My kind of horse race. A family of pigs watches the the sunset on a friday. With their brains tweaked from the bulldirt theres only one thing for these pigs to do. Watch the sun burn! The father pig sugar kicks some sand in the air (shoots up like a dual shotgun). Then he slammed his mcdonalds salad, slammed it flat."
"Absolutely Brilliant
At the time of writing this has a paltry 6.0 out of 10.0 I don't know who's been voting on it but this is the best kids program on telly. In fact I signed up just to comment on this. ( I managed to avoid signing up for the past 3 year despite viewing the site regularly, which shows how serious I am about Peppa Pig's greatness) With 2 out of 3 Children being ""Peppa Pig Viewing Age"" for the last 4 years, it is the one kids program that I can and have to watch time and time again. Unlike Backyardigans, Teletubbies and Dora, which are annoying and repetitive in different measures, Peppa Pig is a pleasant, light hearted and fun program for kids to watch.

There are several layers of humour and my wife and I often giggle at some of the stupid stuff Daddy pig gets up to, its just a funny little program with no pretension it doesn't ram messages down your kids throat though there are lessons to be learnt.

Well done to everyone involved in making this program, I probably have a year or 2 left of watching the first tier of kids programs and if it wasn't for Peppa Pig the prospect would be a bleak one."
"Oddly interesting animation
This is one of the few cartoons your kids can watch over and over again without melting your brain. Very catchy and beautifully simple. Its a shame they aren't making any more.

While this show shares the same need to portray morally strong characters as most children shows, it's quirky approach, and the fact that Peppa can be quite bitchy, makes it fresh and bearable.

There are so many bad shows that adults struggle to watch, this one however, allows for a nice break. Great show, and my kids adore it. 10 / 10.

I hope to see some new shows in the future as I am sure they will be well received."
"Not a fan…
DISCLAIMER: This review will get a redo at some point as it's somewhat dated. My thoughts haven't changed since then, but it's obvious that this review was done when I was just starting to get the hang of it, and I think that it could be better.

I get this cartoon has it's fans, but I'm sorry, it's just not for me...

The ""theme song"" is just Peppa introducing her family whilst music plays in the background, which is rather lazy. And the end credits have the same music, except instead of introducing her family, our main character Peppa repeats the show's name three times.

The animation is very, VERY poor. The character designs are hideous and some of the worst I've ever seen in my life, most of the backgrounds are nothing but green hills and the movements are practically cheap and stiff Flash animation.

The voice acting is laughably bad, with the biggest offenders being the children.

The narrator is unbearable, as he either states what the viewers can clearly see or repeats what a character says.

The plots don't even try to put in any effort, for example, there is an episode called Suzy Goes Away where Suzy's Mum gets a new job far away (meaning they have to move to a new country) only to be lead by a very predictable twist ending where Suzy's mum gets told she didn't get the job (Rugrats, a much, MUCH better cartoon already did this). There is also an episode called Mister Skinnylegs that encourages kids to befriend Spiders, this may not be too bad in the UK, but Australia has some very deadly Spiders that can POISON AND KILL CHILDREN (can you see why this episode got banned in Australia now?) which a is very, VERY bad thing!

The characters aren't much better too, Peppa is a whiny brat who makes fun of her father for being fat (he does of course need exercise, but Peppa is just plain rude about it), George is an annoying cry baby who never shuts up, Daddy Pig only exists for fat jokes, Mummy Pig doesn't give her kids any sort of discipline when they do something wrong, Suzy Sheep is only there to be the main character's typical best friend and Pedro Pony is a typical airheaded idiot who dressed up as a Cowboy at a PIRATE PARTY and dressed up as a Superhero for the GYM!!!

Overall, I just don't see why this cartoon got such a big following, it's got tons of merchandise, books, DVDs, a theatrical movie in 2017 (The same year as The Emoji Movie of all films) called Peppa Pig: My First Cinema Experience (in fact, calling it a movie would be too generous since it's just a compilation of episodes with filler segments featuring a human and puppets of Peppa and George between) and even having Nick Jr. Too brand itself as 'Nick Jr Peppa' for short periods, usually one month, where the channel solely screens the show. Now you are wondering what I think of another cartoon by the creators, Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom? While I'm not a big fan of the show, at least it tried to put effort into it, but Peppa Pig just feels like the writers gave up in less than a minute. One of the only few good qualities are the memes.

Just show your kids actually good British children's shows like Thomas & Friends, Fireman Sam, Bob the Builder, Noddy, Roobarb, Sooty, Postman Pat or Jakers!, but if you do like this show, then that's actually perfectly fine, opinions are opinions, but I just find it to be pure trash..."
"Extremely annoying
If you want a kids' show that offers next to no morals, have annoying characters, and teach kids to be rude, then Peppa Pig is right up your ally. The idea of a little girl and her family learning life lessons could've been fine, but it turns out to be a complete chore to watch.

If you thought Caillou was bad enough, then Peppa Pig is right up there in terms of being an annoying brat. In almost every episode, Peppa is usually whining about something, being selfish, or being very rude to everyone. She constantly puts down what others, especially around her brother, George. She always acts annoyed with him and doesn't act like a good big sister.

Not only that, but Peppa is really irresponsible and never seems to learn anything. In one episode, she loses her stuffed bear, Teddi, again(Yes, she loses this bear on a regular basis). The mom tells Peppa she must be responsible about her stuff. Not even two seconds after Peppa gets Teddi back, she acts like she did nothing wrong and blames Teddi for getting lost, even though Peppa was at fault.

George, Peppa's little brother, is no better at all. It seems he's always got his mind on dinosaurs and only says dinosaur. He also cries constantly in a wailing voice that's like hearing nails scratching a chalkboard in surround sound.

Mummy is the only decent character, but only because she's the only member of the family who acts like the disciplinary one. She does lecture the kids and her husband about things, but she's also a complete airhead. She often allows her kids to do something like play in the mud, and doesn't do much to punish Peppa or George if they do something completely wrong.

Daddy, I feel sorry for in this show, but at the same time, he is a complete moron too. Everyone seems to always pick on him for no reason. His chair gets taken by Mummy and then he buys it back. Peppa and George act rude around him by interrupting him, calling him fat, or just being disrespectful of him. All the while, he takes this all in stride. However, he's pretty dumb and can't even get the most basic of instructions right. On the other hand, I feel really bad for him since he's always getting picked on by his own family. The fact that he hasn't lost his mind yet is also amazing.

The plots, if you can call them that, are really jumbled and most of the time, they go nowhere. A lot of episodes feel very rushed and don't offer anything to learn at all. The morals themselves, the few there are, are horribly handled or shoehorned in there at the last second. The episodes don't follow any kind of plot, but just some stuff happening and a few tidbits of learning here and there. There's no substance, there's very little stuff to learn, and the learning stuff in each episode is so small, kids won't even pick up on it. Also, the episodes usually end with everyone falling on their backs for some reason and laughing. Why? If these episodes have no point or moral, then what purpose is there to them?

The behavior in this show has got to be probably the worst aspect of this show. Everyone acts so irrational in this show. Peppa is always being rude and demanding to her family and friends and acts like a spoiled brat if things don't go her way. George is always crying over something minor and never stops talking about dinosaurs. The adults never get mad at their kids for being rude or disrespectful, but instead laugh it off. Nobody acts like a normal being and it sends a bad message to kids that being rude won't get you in trouble.

Not to mention the parents allow their kids to do stuff like jumping in mud puddles, eat their food loudly and slurp it all down. None of these parents do anything to correct their kid's behavior.

As if that wasn't bad enough, there is a narrator. And just like in Caillou, the narrator here serves no purpose but to point out the obvious like kids are too stupid not to realize something. When George cries, the narrator has to needlessly point out that George is crying. When Daddy said the dinosaur was lost, the narrator had to repeat that like kids are too stupid to remember something said less than a second ago. This narrator is as useless as the one in Caillou.

The artwork and animation is awful, to say the least. The character designs are so poorly thought out that you'd think none of these artists have ever seen the animals in this show. In fact, most of them look like recolors with different ears. The backgrounds and set designs are even worst. There's no shading at all in the show, no details at all in the background, and it's nothing but green hills with some trees and a few clouds. Everything looks so repetitive, bland, and uninspired.

The animation in general is just as bad. The characters move so weirdly and awkwardly that I've seen snails have more movement than these characters. It's very choppy, the lip syncing is off sometimes, and everyone moves like they have major arthritis or something.

In a sea of never ending bad kids' shows, Peppa Pig is only another example of how bad they've become. Its morals are few and far in between. The characters are not only rude, but they act insane. The plots make no sense most of the time, nor do they go anywhere. It's just another kids' show to add to the list to avoid. So unless you want your kid to learn to be rude, disrespectful, bratty, and whinny, then you'd better put on something else like Curious George."
"For young children, and language learners, it's excellent
My daughter loves this program. She's only one, but has a genuine emotional reaction to it. We mostly watch the cantonese version, which she loves as much as the English one. The English version is also good for English language learners in small doses."
"Peppa pig rules!
My kids (5,3 and 1) all love Peppa pig. It is funny, light hearted and captures the innocence of childhood perfectly. I love the fact that there only seems to be Peppa's family and a few friends in the whole world. There are no fences to gardens and the whole world revolves around the family. This is exactly how childhood feels within a stable loving family.

Everything is simple and straightforward with plenty of funny moments added in for good measure. Daddy Pig is a lovely caricature of dads everywhere (including me!) and makes me smile.

Wonderful stuff!"
"porcine based toddler hilarity
peppa pig falls into the category of children's programmes in which the stars are actually the children.

peppa's little brother who rarely has a word to say is the star of the show. his laugh is thoroughly infectious.

peppa pig has the requisite moral centre of course: sharing is good, don't lie, etc etc but it's all done with such an innocent joi de vivre that you don't mind

damn catchy theme tune too.

peppa also has a website where you can play the various snorts like a piano (sort of) (click family)"
"Bad cartoon, not worth watching.
This show is bad, and, of course, it's also BORING! There is nothing educational, good, and/or fun about it! The characters are ugly, the animation is terrible, the behaviour is bad, the plot makes no sense, and the acting is terrible!"
"Annoying…
A world where children are allowed to roam and any mistakes are faced with no consequences. A stereotypical clumsy dad with a mom letting their children do whatever they want, go into a construction site, etc. Peppa will never age, nor will she ever learn. There is continuity however, from a new student (Emily) to an ordinary friend. Peppa has existed for so long yet she is still the same. Dumb, Boastful, Envious, Ignorant"
"I feel like the 10 here are a joke or a meme
This cartoon is probably the worst ever and not because is for kids. This cartoon doesn't have anything. It's a empty shell. Don't let your kids watch this trash. It doesn't have emotions, teaching, values of anything. Kids might not be intelligent but they aren't stupid. Don't be surprised if your kids turn out not like you would want them. Seriously watch an episode and judge yourself."
"Love my cheeky peppa
I enjoy watching this with my daughter and we get some good laughs. Some of our favorite scenes are the interactions between Peppa and Suzy. Not all tv needs to be educational and this is still a million times better than Easter egg videos on YouTube and the like. It sparks conversation, humor and so bonding. It's a win from me.

People complaining about the fat jokes are forgetting this is a family of PIGS. They're supposed to be fat and piggy, that's the point."
"Why better than Scaredy Squirrel or Yakkity Yak in my opinon
I think for a preschool show, people are judging it a bit harsh. Plus, George's crying is much better to listen to than Baby Taz's."
"Not suitable for children.
Adults might enjoy Peppa Pig and find it funny but it is unsuitable for young children. All members of the Pig family have psychological issues. Not sure why this show should be watched by kids, not educational, all kids will learn is that adults have all sort of personality issues. Visually not pleasant characters either."
"From hate to cult
Many on da net loves to hate this that was meant to be an education show for babies. Now it's a cult show with a big selection of toys and bloody Youtube poops, as Peppa Pig tours malls after malls and summer festivals here in Denmark."
"Insulting, Bad Manners
Peppa Pig is a brat. She is a nasty big sister to her little brother George. Peppa shows off and brags and as a rule is ungrateful. She is disrespectful to her parents, especially her father. It doesn't help that he is portrayed as a bumbling oaf and Peppa's Mother constantly berates and belittles him.

I am not sure why any family would want this in their home; I certainly don't want anyone in our house emulating any of the characters in Peppa Pig.

Nothing with watching in this show, even the animation style is crude and unimaginative. Pass!!"
"Lighthearted and Real, Great For Kids and Adults!
My little brother, who's 5 years old, LOVES this show. I personally love it because its realistic, with Peppa being bossy, which a lot of kids are, and the siblings and friends fight sometimes, which always happens. It prepares kids for real life better than those all rainbows and sunshine shows, which can be annoying and repetitive.

I love the subtle jokes aimed at the adults, such as the Wolf family always being hungry around Daddy Pig and asking what his house is made of. Mr. Lion saying he's hungry while looking at Madame Gazelle because that's what lions eat, but they end up eating sandwiches instead. I love the fact that Daddy Pig is a concrete expert which is related to him being a pig and the story of the big bad wolf blowing the house down of the three little pigs.

It's the simple and small details but it really makes the show enjoyable when you notice them. I like the simplistic animation design and style because that's how kids usually draw so it's much easier for them to perceive the story and characters and understand it. The different scenarios in the episodes helps kids develop and learn general things about life and it even teaches some lessons. I love the sarcasm in some jokes and Peppa hanging up on Suzy Sheep will always be iconic. It's a shame that new episodes don't come on too often. This is a great show that keeps it lighthearted and real."
"A Masterpiece
This is a masterpiece. An incredible children's show. Watch it. It will possibly change the way you may think about this show."
"peppa the piggy
Peppaa the pig is a terrible T.V show htat should have nevver been created. it eserves -10000/10 stars"
"And so it began
In 2004 a cult cartoon was created, and it was Peppa Pig with short episodes that became spoofed million times on Youtube. Some lessons with lesser budget animation, and episodes made for kindergartens about spiders, a visit from down under, a Xmas play and of course stomping in the mud so here is something for all. Peppa Pig was made to sell millions of toys, so prepare to say here, take all my money in the local malls and toy stores with your whole family."
"A Personal Favorite
I really love Peppa Pig the animation is crisp and smooth and very well detailed I also love the characters they are very realistic and have very relative arks so yah its pretty epic"
"Ok
As 2D it's ok, graphics nice for children's positive. Also content interesting."
"Don't let your kids watch this, you'll regret
Worst show ever made for kids. The popularity of this show scares me. Peppa is rude, controlling, and a very bad role model. It's full of stereotypes and fat-shaming too."
"Bad for Kids
Peppa Pig is a terrible educational children's program since in all the episodes it leaves them bad teachers causing the children to spoil themselves, notoriously it shows in the main character peppa who is a spoiled girl who makes fun of her brother George and also teaches to fight in school, and pigmy mother in ves tell her that what doing wrong only looks at her and does not challenge her, not only peppa is a spoiled ej but also sussi the friend of peppa, Danny the dog, Predo Ponny, where most of the episodes fight for pendejadas like not sharing in the house of the tree or a place of with aren.

My recommendation is that your you are a father should not show these cangerigenas series since they are very harmful in the plot and in the teaching that leaves this piece of excrement that should be canceled a few days of its premieres."
"It's just plain annoying.
I don't like picking on kids shows. They're meant for young kids and not me. But this show is just terrible These kids shows can be done right. Like Wallykazam! It's entertaining, and but educational. This travesty airs on Nick Jr, a network that forces these shows to be educational. Peppy Pig teaches........................? That it's OK to call your parents fat? It's OK to cry and throw a fit at every small thing? That it's OK to be an obnoxious brat and expect no punishment or negative attention other then your mom saying your name? Someone has to say it. This show is annoying and terrible. The voice acting sucks, and literally no characters are even remotely likable. How could they? Every character is stupid. Not stupid as in dumb, but stupid as straight up stupid. The only character that can count past 10 is some 4 year old. But apparently kids like it. I'm just looking at this critically, so if you or your kids like it go ahead and watch it."
"One of the best TV shows ever!
I love it, my wife loves it, and my little kid enjoys it too. I'm not sure why it's only 6.3 rating on IMDb. I'd expect it to be 8+, at least. Or even over 9. Peppa Pig is an educational (for children AND parents) show that touches on many aspects related to kid behavior, parent behavior, friendship, etc. The language is clear, funny, and the content contains lots of adult jokes which reflects on the funny sides of families/relationships/friendships, etc. This TV series are VERY positive. Even the negative sides of life presented in a very pleasant way that makes everyone smile big time. 100%+ recommended for children and their parents!"
"Just ok but pappa is not a good character
Peppa behaviour is very irritating. She is self centered/selfish/jealous. My baby is crazy about this series but Iam worried will he copy her behaviour."
"Morals
I like Peppa and her family. Her father is a bit silly sometimes"
"Pigcational
Peppa Pig is a very educational and fun show for current day children. Peppa doesn't require hand holding. It's a show that just goes with the flow.

For me who grew up on Blues Clues, Arthur and other legendary shows. Peppa ain't on their level. Despite that I respect this show.

Verdict: I'm vegetarian. And Peppa pig is an alright show"
"No... just no
This show is complete GARBAGE. I know I'm way over the demographic, but I will review it anyway. My niece watches this show. The show's art style looks like it was drawn by a three year old with help of his mother. This show sends ROTTEN messages about fat shaming and constant tantrums. For example Peppa sometimes makes fun of his dad for being fat, but he works harder than Peppa and George COMBINED. Also the Snorting And narrator is just ANNOYING. The narrator constantly points out the obvious. By the way there was one episode that gives a HORIFFIC message for kids in Australia. They want kids to play with spiders but guess what? There are KILLER spiders that can infect kids with VENOM. That just triggers me because they basically want kids to get infected with venom. Why the hell did this show get so popular so fast? You know something? There are better shows that your kids should watch if you don't want your kids to grow up to be a rotten fat shaming MONSTER. Just let your kids watch Sesame Street, Dragon Tales, Cyberchase, and SpongeBob SquarePants. These cartoons are alot more charming and they teach lessons that will ACTUALLY HELP YOUR CHILDREN LIVE THERE LIVES SO THEY CAN GROW UP TO BE INNOCENT AND NOT A FAT SHAMING MONSTER. DON'T LET YOUR KIDS WATCH THIS SHOW YOU WILL REGRET it ALOT. This is why I DISPISE Peppa pig"
"Very good if you can get past the usual portrayal of men as idiots
Peppa Pig is very charming and funny. I like the crudely drawn characters. Their heads resemble the depictions of ""puds"" which we used to draw on desks at school.

The only negative is that Daddy pig is portrayed as a fat idiot. He pretty much always messes up every project he takes on and his whole family mock him for this, as well as for being fat. In all the episodes I've seen, which are many, Mummy pig has only messed up once. That was when she was trying to get a hat out of a tree on a windy day.

No reference to Mummy's prodigious girth is ever made. This is a good thing I suppose, because God forbid a toddler should emulate that behaviour and have to take The consequences. The poor little blighters don't deserve that.

It's unfair to single out Peppa Pig for this criticism really, it's pretty much ubiquitous in the treatment of male characters on TV and indeed of fathers in real life. So all in all, Peppa Pig is excellent entertainment and useful for socialising your toddler into the world as it exists now."
"The last thing in the world that kids should watch
Peppa Pig is a bad example for young children period. Although this is not my demographic, I have seen poor examples of teaching the viewers' life lessons:

1) Apparently it is OK to make fun of other people. Peppa Pig demonstrates this by blatantly bullying Daddy Pig about his weight, and not one character (Mommy Pig) steps in to discourage this behavior, instead joining the protagonist in harassing him. 2) The show does not let kids form an understanding on what is going on, as the Narrator is here to fill in the gaps and parrot back what a character says. e.g. ""See Peppa? I'm rubbing to sticks together""- Daddy Pig ""Daddy Pig is rubbing two sticks together""- Narrator 3) It teaches kids horrible manners. From the infamous snorting at the beginning of every episode to characters not coughing/sneezing into their arms, this is a terrible example for young viewers."
"THE GREATEST SHOW OF ALL TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Peppa pig is a TV-show that is one of the greatest pieces of art ever to be made. Some say that the Mona Lisa is the greatest painting, others say that the The Godfather is the greatest film. And other say that the last of us is the greatest video game. But I ASSURE YOU my humble readers that Peppa pig is a masterpiece that would ravel all other forms of art. The stores that are told in this masterpiece is second to none. But sadly only few may understand the complexities of such stores. That is why it is necessary for a narrator to break down such completed stores and turn them into a simpler language for the less intelligent viewers. But I as such a BRILLIANT ARTIST AND WRITER do not need to rely on a narrator for I do understand the complexities of the story and dialogue The dialogue is butterfly poetic and is reminiscent of that of Shakespeare. Every single line of dialogue would sent a shiver down any man's spine. the animation is beautiful and looks as if it could only ever exist in the Renaissance. All in all Peppa Pig is a true masterpiece. All whom say otherwise are just too foolish to understand it. For humus fear that of which they do not understand That is why I give Peppa Pig a 10 out of 10"
"My kids LOVE this show
This is the only show my daughter will watch now. My 5 year old son and 2 year old daughter always smile and laugh while they watch it. It is cute and funny.

Peppa and George are sister and brother and the show is about them and their family and sometimes their school friends and grandparents. A lot of it is real life things that would happen in a child's life and the characters are always making each other laugh. I really wish the live show would come to Canada (Alberta), because we would definitely see it!

This show is definitely worth a try for young children."
"Funny, Cute, And Entertaining!
My and my kids love this show. There is this one episode where Madam Gazelle and all of the children at playgroup want to play with glitter. But Madam Gazelle doesn't want them to because it makes a mess, and is very hard to clean up. I was laughing really hard at this episode because I can highly relate to this. The characters are good. And overall the show is very entertaining."
"Noticed a considerable change in our toddler behavior
We allow our children 30 minutes of screen time a day. We let our almost three year old watch this and we noticed a negative change in her behavior after only 4 days. Peppa is rarely kind or compassionate. She constantly says things are boring and yuck. She is a sorry sport and doesn't like a game if she doesn't win. I also don't like that they say the characters hate something. In one episode, she got mad at her friend and said "" I don't like you we're not friends anymore."" We noticed the way our daughter played with her toys -she showed less empathy towards her family and others. We will never watch Peppa again."
"Adult Humor
I love the bits of adult humor that pops up every now and then. As an adult you can get a good giggle out of every other episode. And I love Madam Gazelle. Face it, she's from the old country, doesn't have a reflection and was the teacher to all the parents as well! Mmmm..."
"Below average pre-school TV show.
I loved this show when I was around 4-5. It was entertaining for me and I could relate to Peppa which is great if you are around that age. However, now I am much older, I can see it's just a below average TV show. The characters are meh, some are decent while others are meh, the animation is fine, the voice acting is okay, the comedy may get a few laughs at first from the children but nothing else after that, there is really just nothing I can say about this show or to make this review interesting.

I do not recommend to anyone upwards of the age of 7. They will most likely find this show dull and boring but anyone under 6 should enjoy it enough to keep them occupied.

Overall, while there are much better pre-school TV that can be enjoyed of all ages, younger kids should enjoy this enough albeit they may be more interested in other stuff."
"The worst Kids TV show
Peppa pig is truly the worst Kid TV Show I ever seen bad animation, horrible designs, foolish story for the episodes, like 100 animals and only 2 humans. I hate this only few things are good like 4 episodes are OK but no other episodes are acceptable, and also in the first seasons this show teaches bad things to children like

1. Your parents don't punish you if you do a bad thing 2. Only babies cry, big boys and girls don't 3. Insult your parents if they are fat

I can't tolerate this show, also every adult in this show is fat and the Pig family have the 2 eyes on the same side and when they change side that thing happened again, do they have 4 eyes???

Parents don't let your kids see this TV show"
"A few episodes ruined this show
First off, Mr. Skinny legs ruined the reputation of the reputation of this show it teaches kids to play with venomous and deadly insects and bugs. Secondly, episodes like sports day and bouncy ball are some of the worst in the series it tells kids about sore loosing and bullying (mostly in bouncy ball) so please just let your kids watch storybots super songs I loved it when I was young. So yeah, screw this show."
"Only enjoyable if you're five or six, stupid otherwise
""Oink Oink! I'm Peppa Pig. This is my brother JAWge (he oinks) and Mommy Pig (she oinks) and Daddy Pig (he OINKs). HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!""

So begins everyone episode of this series. I've seen a fair amount of episodes of ""Peppa Pig"" and thought they were pretty childish and stupid considering I'm quite obviously past kiddie shows. Most of the time, the episodes of this show consisted of a simple plot, such as Peppa's class going on a field trip or something and making entire episodes out of rather insignificant events (like George getting sick). After a lot of sicky sweet joy and happiness goes around, each episode ends with someone making a cheesy joke that's not even funny and then everyone falls on the ground and laughs like it's the funniest thing ever.

You probably think I'm being snide when I say that, and I am. I mean, let's face it, no one but five and six year olds will really enjoy this (I saw it only because of how stupid it was). The art is simplistic and very much done in a style a little kid would use at that age. The scripting is also very uncomplicated and, as another reviewer said, gives the impression that nothing can ever go wrong in Peppa's world. Yes, that does kind of send a poor message in a kid's direction.

Now, for those who say Peppa is portrayed as a brat and that the show depicts everyone's disobedience as unpunished, I will say I cannot recall a lot of that from what I saw. I just remember a rather dumb show with a lot of annoying British accents and a lot of animals having fun. I'm not denying what those people say, I just can't remember seeing it (as when I saw it last was a couple years ago). Daddy Pig is definitely stereotyped, but that's not the only time you'll see that in a kid's show (one of the prime examples being ""The Amazing World of Gumball"").

Good for little kids but otherwise pretty stupid and overly sicky sweet for most peoples' taste. It's definitely better to let kids see this, though, than ""Teletubbies""."
"It's kids show
Some people are too harsh on this show.

They're pigs. They are supposed to be fat.

Babies cry. Over everything. It's okay to cry. Don't we want our kids showing their emotions? It's realistic imo and they validate the feelings as well which is a win from me.

It's a slow paced, simple show. A nice break from almost every other kids program out there."
"Ew
The artstyle is ugly the show is bad and boring even my 3 years old sister said it was bad. Do not watch it AT ALL COST! This show should be banned"
"Please don't show it to kids who are just learning to speak.
This is a show me and my older sister used to watch only when waiting for something else to come on.

It is on netflix now, and I thought when I first saw it there ""Oh man, Sebastian should never watch this"" he is my almost 2 year old brother.

He asked for it one morning and my Mum played it and I was reminded of how terrible it was. I thought it was at least a little enjoyable, since it is so darn popular, but even my brother had to take breaks from it and would start crying.

The animation is hard for me to look at, the lines overlapping each other infuriate me, and why does everyone have to be colour coded?

All females I have seen wear shades of red, all males I have seen wear shades of blue.

Peppa is rude and a narcissist. She clearly doesn't understand when something is awesome sounding, when going to ""windy castle"" as I think it was called she said something along the lines of ""it sounds like some boring boy thing."" Shut up child! It sounds awesome! Since when is a castle a Boy thing?

On very top of the list of various things I do not like about it, because of watching it my brother started saying ""ig"" instead of ""pig "" because of Peppa's brother's weird speech. He was perfectly capable of saying it before. Why can't he pronounce P's? I have like, hundreds of cousins who are younger than me, and they all seemed capable of pronouncing P's.

I understand there may be some Kids who cannot pronounce P's, but that doesn't mean you should put it in a show a little toddler will probably watch.

It just really pisses me off when things mess with my brother's pronunciation of things."
"Much better than the over stimulating stuff out there
It's simple and well hearted all around. My 3 year old loves it and I love that it's not over stimulating. It has simple full story lines that a small child can actually follow about everyday things that actually happen to 4 year olds! It's relatable for her and the corney little jokes are very much her humor."
"Addictive, Changes Behavior
Evaluate for your own children, but my words of caution are at the end. I was initially surprised by the low overall rating. I don't want to be a killjoy. At my child's current age, I'm okay with limited screen time. Still, there's a reason for my low score.

The Good. The show is clever with subtle humor for the adults. It introduces other languages, teaches lessons (wear a helmet) and introduces very basic nature concepts (some animals are nocturnal), though you'll need to discuss proper dos and don'ts for spiders. The animation quality works for the target audience.

The Bad. The characters are typical for a modern sitcom: Dad is a buffoon, the butt of jokes, and gets little respect from anyone. Mom is crazy. The in-laws (mostly Grandpa) are overbearing. They all occasionally have their better moments. The little brother's squealing cry is one of the most grating sounds I have ever heard.

The Ugly. With Peppa, my child becomes a little zombie. With other videos (Sesame Street, animated songs), we sing together, act, or talk about what is happening on screen. Not so here. He stares blankly at the screen. Unlike with other videos, he often cries and fusses after it's turned off. He asks to watch it all the time. I don't know whether the addictive elements are accidental or by design to sell toys. The simple animation, repetition of music and sounds certainly appeal to this age. The snorting my child picked up is weird, but mostly harmless. Then came the growling from the show. We're not waiting until he picks up baby George's mannerisms. He just doesn't act the same way with this show as with others.

Your child may not have the same reaction, of course. In our home, it's time to say goodbye to the pig."
"This show stinks
The voice acting is okay, and the story maybe decent, but what I hate about this movie is 1. It teaches bad behavior and the parents don't mind punishing them its like there is always a chance and tolerance which is a false moral, there are consequences for bad behavior, 2. The narrator, this show treats kids like they are stupid, it literally says everything, everyone is smarter than that, 3. Peppa is such a naughty girl who fat shames his dad, almost every show has a fat father and sometimes does it but in here it is unacceptable because its a bad moral, 4. George Pig is an absolute crybaby who gets on my permanent last nerves, especially when he cries, 5. The animation, its cheap and lazy, the hands look like sticky and all have four eyes, at least Diary Of A Wimpy Kid had straight faces, but in here it doesn't while the backgrounds are good 6. The episode Mr. Skinnylegs got an RC Rating in Austrailia because it said spiders can't hurt you which is true in the UK but in Austrailia has some of the most dangerous spiders ever, 7. Same voice acting over and over and over again 8. Repetitive ending is just with everyone laughing

This show overall stinks in my opinion its annoying but not terrible"
"Christ alive
Hoooow are people giving this any stars? I'm not even lying my youngest watched it and we started to notice what a whiny horrible child he was becoming, crying,tantrums,using the word stupid literally all the time, my eldest two didn't watch peppa and this was unlike anything I'd ever seen, he was just horrible, then one day I noticed him copying George, so we banned Peppa pig and replaced it with Hey Duggee......my child is actually lovely now, it's like banishing peppa exorcised him or something?!?!?

Mummy pig is pretty much the most absuive, gaslighting, lazy pig I have ever had the displeasure of listening to, like honestly it makes me cringe the way she speaks to daddy pig, and her parents! You can tell they're not his parents because they literally run him down all the time

George is obviously on the spectrum somewhere but rather than this being addressed it's made into a joke, like my sons autistic and he repeated the word dinosaur until he was about 2 as well

Peppa is just horrible, if she was my kid I'd have probably locked her in the shed by now! She's just such a spoiled evil little hog"
"Eh...pretty bad
This show is pretty bad. And before you say ""You're an adult, it's made for kids"" I did watch it as a kid, and hated it then too. Parents of young children may get some enjoyment out of it but others may hate it. The series is quite boring. The animation is way too simplistic and is flat and bland. The colors are okay, but I think they're just meant to hold the attention of the young audience rather than actually benefit the backgrounds. The show's morals, if any, are always bungled up and never clear. Not saying every show for kids needs to have morals, but it seems like Peppa tries to have them and fails. The show features fatshaming of family members (Peppa and family constantly calling Daddy Pig fat), imitable tantrums by George in nearly every episode, bossiness from Peppa, and unnecessary torment of Daddy Pig aside from the fatshaming. The show's episode ideas are okay and simple, which they should be for a young kid's show, but often the plots are too simple and involve staying in one location with very little change of scenery or activities. I would imagine this would bore 2-4 year olds, who have a hard time focusing and sitting still. There are some okay jokes thrown in from time to time, nothing laugh-out-loud hilarious but are okay, and the side characters are somewhat interesting, especially Ms. Rabbit and her dozens of jobs.

And now: the narrator! This show does not need him. He just repeats what the characters say, do, or are thinking, usually when it's quite obvious even to young children what's going on. He never shuts up, either.

In general, Peppa might be an okay watch for your young children but I would recommend Bluey."
"why
I love british cartoons. Noody, Fireman Sam, Thomas The Tank Engine, they are all great, Peppa Pig tho, no"
"Peppa Pig Exposed!
Peppa Pig is popular and seems to be innocent. But, this is just another educational show failure. Peppa Pig is a spoiled brat who has a small brain. She doesn't know what a mystery is, or electricity or recycling. The reason why she doesn't know these things is because her parents are dimwits and probably think Peppa's too young. Her school is probably the worst school in the world. They hardly know a thing and have trouble counting to ten. Come on, four years old like Peppa and her friends can at least count to ten. Her little brother George has issues. He says dinosaur for everything. He cries for no reason. Their parents watch baby shows like Mr. Potato and jump in mud puddles. Her parents never show any discipline. Peppa is bratty and insults her parents. That is not funny! That is rude! Kids might learn to talk like that to other grownups. Her friends are rude as well and they all pass out on the floor in laughter. They laugh for extremely stupid reasons. This show is cute but the messages are not beneficial."
"Great kids animation
Interesting style and fun show. My 3 kids love this show. They are glued to it as soon as it starts. Show has good life lessons and is an easy watch."
"Amazing show this
Quality mate. Love it mate. Can't get enough of it. Total mad. Doesn't reach the standards of breaking bad but still a good show. Bad man peppa and fatman daddy pig"
"MASTERPIECE
I love this show so much it is the greatest content ever made!!! I honestly don't know how this hasn't won every single award ever given!!! The Academy needs to watch this show and give it every single award!!!! There is really no show like this art"
"Best kids show EVER!
This is one of the few TV shows I actually enjoy watching with my kids(2,5 & 6)! It has none of that hyper flashy fast moving objects coming at you which just makes me tired and not wan't to watch, or even have my kids watch TV. Basically it's just a hearty show of a very typical family that seems to have plenty of time to spend with their kids. Sometimes(most of the times) things don't go as planned. We definitely recognize ourselves in Peppa Pig. My whole family enjoys this show very much!

Some of the comments from people giving low ratings was fun to read. Apparently it's not OK to teach kids it's fun to jump in the mud even if you are a pig... Or that it's OK to cry about things for no reason when you are 2 years old( I do agree it's a annoying habit but if you are 2 years old, not much can be done on how one reacts to different things). You should apparently have better manners regardless of age. You're also a slow and stupid child if you have not learnt to count to 10 when you are 5 or wonder about things that you don't grasp yet. Yikes. I wonder if the people writing those comments actually have kids?"
"This show is awesome, here's why
Awesome characters (not for most people), plots, lessons and improvement.

This show had ""edited Peppa Pig"" videos starting in 2017 I guess.

There is even a Roblox game based off of it, ""Piggy"", this game is so awesome.

The only thing I don't like about it is that Peppa sometimes starts arguments, which pretty much annoys me.

Peppa still rocks tho."
"Don't show it to anyone under 8 or 9
It may be stupid of me to say that this show isn't for anyone under 9, but Peppa Pig doesn't have the greatest lessons for little kids. Peppa is bossy and the show if full of fat jokes and other jokes at people's expense, such as old jokes. There are some instances where small children are forceful and don't get punished for it. It also has an episode that might teach kids to play with spiders. There are other things, but this show is basically inappropriate for its intended audience. That being said, it has some charm to it. Despite being very simple, its actually really funny and entertaining. The bad lessons are quite comedic, but I don't reccomend showing this to an impressionable toddler. Wait until your children are able to determine right from wrong and know how to be good people, then let them watch this."
"Not As Good As Ben and Holly
Peppa Pig is a classic.. but I feel like it's not as good as Ben and Holly. If I had to pick between the two, I'd pick Ben and Holly. It's funnier and the episodes are more in depth."
"My kids and I just love it!
Peppa pig is simply an amazing, age appropriate, fun to watch series that can be truly labeled as educational and innocent. My kids have learned a lot by watching it. As an adult, I enjoy watching it as well and find the storylines extremely smart and funny. Totally recommend it!"
"It is a love/hate show
I find the Tv show in a love /hate way so I have putted my reasons in bullet points Good points

Good casting

Great size houses

Fun thing happen

Bad points

Narrator repeats everything that has just happened

Peppa herself can be rude at times.

The babies cry about,swimming pools,dinosaurs and balloons.

That's all I have to say on the topic"
"Hilarious
This show is extremely bad for kids but is good enough for when you want to watch a funny show with your friends.

If I had kids I would NEVER let them watch this. It has terrible lessons.

Peppa is a narcissist. She gets mad when someone else is the center of attention and calls her dad ""fat"" even though everyone else (including PEPPA) is as fat as him.

Still, it seems like some of the newest episodes are trying to be more inclusive, which I aplaude.

But, still. The show is IRONICALLY good.

You might laugh a lot while watching all the dumb things that happen in the show (which is the only reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1)"
"I'm sorry, but I can't stand this show
I have no idea why this cheaply animated show would get many awards.

First off, the animation is screaming MS Paint and flash animation. Now, I understand that this show is for toddlers, but there are other show out there that are more pleasant looking than this!

Second of all, Peppa Pig is obnoxious and bratty, everything she does ends up having no consequences! This is setting up a bad example for kids! And the narrator is annoying as hell.

Third of all, the story. The story is bland as spoiled milk, it always end up everyone rolling on the floor laughing, which I don't find in funny. Some of the episode basically teaches kids bad morals, take Mr. Skinny Leg as an example. It tell the kids that playing with spider is acceptable and we shouldn't kill them. Which is why Australia banned that episode (Which I'm not surprise about it, Australia is infamous for its deadly spiders)

Overall, this show is very manipulative towards its child audience, I think our future generation deserve so much better than this trash."
"me and my freind loves this
Watch it or i sue you and your mother. So watch it idiot or i will hate you for life."
"Not a good show for kids!
I do not recommend kids to watch this show. Firstly, I noticed that Peppa Pig always makes George cry by teasing him. Secondly, I also noticed that the parents do not discipline their kids. Which is why the kids are still a brat. Thirdly, even though Peppa and Susie are best friends, they still always fight about things such as who wants to be the carnival queen, and they also blame each other for being bossy. Fourthly, Peppa is a proud, dumb and disrespectful child. She doesn't listen to her parents and Peppa always tells her daddy that his tummy is big. And also, she was told to choose which costume is best. And, she chose herself instead of the others. After she was told that she can't choose herself, she chose Rebecca Rabbit, the one with the carrot. I mean, she has a worse costume, if not worst. Fifthly, Peppa's parents are also dumb. When they went to Italy, they were driving in the opposite way of the road. They even thought that the people in Italy were saying Hi when they were actually beeping angrily. That's all."
"So naive!
This film is really naive, suitable only for children aged 0-3, don't watch it if you are over 4 years old. It's really naive, jumping in the mud and laughing, isn't this teaching bad kids? This film still hopes not to come out again, to teach bad kids!"
"Ok it is mid
Ok is not a bad show is got go memes and is funnyish but I'm not saying is good is mid I say is not as bad as the blue dog (Bluey) But oh well but ik is popular for being og but look at Mario he is more og but not many people like him now but dose Peppa pig have a movie I don't think so and if she does I have not heard about it and hear about most things so take a good old think is a good show but not great I like the ytps and memes and the theories but that's it So take a think about that and so just think about life and go play some Mario games and then you'll see what I mean about Mario's popularity."
"PEPPA PIG: Easter Bunny
1. Easter Bunny 2. Richard Rabbit Comes to Play 3. PEPPA and George's Garden 4. Naughty Tortoise 5. Spring 6. Fruit 7. Granny Pig's Chickens 8. Mr. Bull in a China Shop 9. Pottery 10. Miss Rabbit's Day Off 11. Tiny Creatures 12. The Biggest Muddy Puddle in the World."
"Peppa Pig-Pumpkin Party
1. Pumpkin Party 2. George's Wooly Hat 3. Playing pretend 4. Pedero. The cowboy 5. Masks 6. Chloe's Big Friends 7. Once Upon a Time 8. Grampy Rabbit's boatyard 9. The castle 10. Mr. Fox's Van 11. Nursery Rhymes 12. Pumpkin competitive."
"Not obnoxious!
Much loved by the granddaughter...and plenty of asides to keep the adults amused!"
"Worse than Caillou
When I first saw Caillou back in the early 2000's, I thought ""oh man, there'll never be a kids show this bad I'm sure""

Boy was I wrong.

Not only does this not teach your kids ANY morals whatsoever, they teach them how to act like complete brats until they get their way. Like how they forced Daddy Pig out of the tent in that one episode. Like he paid for it and DROVE you all the the campground, but you force him to sleep outside? What kind of logic is that?

The stupid part is, they don't even get punished. It's like they don't care. If I acted like that to my parents at that age especially, I'd get the paddle. Hard too.

These 10/10 star ""reviews"" must be either jokes, or from people who run it.

I don't know if this is a cash grab for someone or what it is.

Seriously, I'd rather have my kids watch Paw Patrol or Bluey, or heck, even Caillou over this bullcrap excuse for ""kids entertainment""."
"Great kids show (and adults will love it also)
Our granddaughter, whose now six, loves Peppa Pig. (So does her grandma! 😉) now twin granddaughters are discovering the show. Nice show about kids, discovery, friendships, and more."
"THE BEST!
It is so good my kids love it!I am 26 and i love it the best kind of show i love it so so so much soon i will be100 and i will still love it the best show the characters are very nice pepa is my favorite she is very kind to her little brother"
"Peppa is British or Something
Peppa isnt as bad as a lot of modern shows for kids, but she's not great either. I don't see a lot of educational value in it, but I dont guess it's making my son dumber. The animation makes South Park look like fine art and the stories are pretty pointless, but I suppose it's fine if you're a toddler. Though, the characters' whiny voices are annoying."
"AMAZING!!!!!!!!👍👍👍👍👍
This is the best show for children even though peppy pig is bossy. In this one episode she controlled everyone but otherwise it teaches kids about things like words and manners."
"TRASH
This show is absolutely garbage. There is no plot, and no story! The problems are simple, like forgetting something. Most of them didn't even have problems. Pepa pig makes the mother left out, and the father like a fool! Although some people think this show comes out on top, the only thing it belongs on top of is the trash can. ABSOLUTELY TRASH!!! Peppas brother plays the role of a stupid person, which can be offensive to toddlers. It can also bring bad things up to people. In one video, the grandpa had to hold onto his boat when he sailed around the world, because it went upside down, but little does he know but there is something called gravity. This show is trash ."
"Filled with classist undertones
Honestly, after the first 3 episodes I thought I was hooked. When the missing parents arc ended, I realized Peppa is an analog for the average American millennial. Embarrassed and frankly a little ashamed at how much this resonated with me, I stopped watching and switched back to binging The Witcher."
"Better than bluey
Great for editing and not like bluey when you get everything."
"This show is so amazing
I like this show, even though it's the best, i like the smooth animation."
"Best show ever! Why do so many people hate it?
To be honest this show is the best, and people say that Peppa is a bad influence, well in my opinion she's not, if you think Peppa is a brat then watch Caillou because he's way more of a brat than Peppa pig, Peppa is queen, haters can hate all they want, because Peppa is still a the bomb."
"best thing ever made
No words can describe the beauty of this product. It's the best thing ever, if you have not watched it yet please watch it now it's a masterpiece of television."
"Funny but bad influence
My son (3.5 years) watched 5 or 6 episodes and immediately started calling us silly!!!! Peppa is otherwise funny and all, but calling parents silly or fat is not exactly what I want my toddler to see on a kids show."
"Cool show, people keep hating because they jealous
This is such a good show, why do so many people hate it? Just because Peppa is rude? Have you not checked out Caillou? He's worse than Peppa, so I don't know why people treat Peppa bad, I think it's a good show for children."









We don’t watch Peppa because I didn’t like how she whined to get what she wanted. I just said “we don’t watch Peppa at our house” and watched different shows instead. It may take a few weeks and some tantrums, but you can definitely cut out Peppa.
Same - there were not good lessons being taught. Daniel Tiger is way better!
And Bluey is way better than Daniel Tiger. Peppa is awful through and through.
Bluey has taught my nieces and nephew some weird habits. But it’s definitely better than Peppa.
Ugh Bluey resulted in a very awkward conversation with my son’s preschool teacher. We were able to easily explain what happened thankfully. Still love Bluey.
What happened?
Shaun happened! Check my most recent post for the whole story, it’s pretty entertaining.
Shaun is the issue with my nieces and nephew too! They do stuff, blame Shaun, and then won’t take responsibility if someone else has gotten hurt because “Shaun did it”
We have banned the muffin cone episode after mine kept saying “I want to do what I want to do”
Hold the phone! Mine keeps saying this, it’s from a show!? You just revealed a whole new world to me! And here I thought my son was being kind of creative, but he was just copying 🤷‍♀️
I mean he could have come up with it himself but if he watches bluey then probably not. I love the show but that one episode is the worst.
Gotta know what happened
What weird habits?
The whole Shaun thing. They use their hand as Shaun to get people, but then someone inevitably ends up hurt and they won’t apologize because it was Shaun.
Daniel Tiger can be awful too! And his friends.
Absolutely hate Peppa pig. The adults are terrible examples of parenting. The kids are spoiled and entitled. Awful example. A friend suggested replacing Peppa with Olivia. It was a little better but still not my cup of tea. I also say “we don’t watch Peppa pig at home” and that’s that.
Not the same issue but I had posted something on social about how my daughter is already gender policing at 2-3 years old (eg, pink is for girls blue is for boys) and a friend who is a psychologist pointed out that you can disagree with that and tell her the truth (all colors are for everyone) as much as you want but it's not what she is going to learn from being in society. It will make her think either mummy is lying or mummy isn't very smart because can't she tell that pink is for girls? It's everywhere, in toy stores, commercials, TV, from grandparents and friends etc. She suggested instead teaching "in our house we believe x" so in your situation, like, maybe the rest of the world is going to be fatphobic and cruel. But in our house we believe all bodies are good bodies. That kind of thing. It made a lot of sense to me.
"Here's what she said:
At my work we give parents a tool called Check in Affirm Clarify Answer
Check in- what are your own values ans beliefs about what your child is saying or the question they are asking. What is your voice/body language saying Affirm- that is a really good question, a lot of kids your age think that, I’m the perfect person to talk to about this Clarify- ask them what they think, where they heard that, what they think the answer is, what their beliefs and values are Answer- maybe there is a scientific answer, maybe the answer is taking about your families values vs. What society tells us, maybe there is a book that we can find answers in together"
This is great, thank you.
I like that the acronym is CACA, toddlers would get a kick out of that haha!
Hahaha true
I wish I could give you an award for this comment, but I’m a poor MSW student, so here’s my praise and a consolation emoji 🥇
Aw thanks!
This reminds me of when I was a nanny, and I had to tell the six year old I cared for that she shouldn't take her underwear off at the park. I asked her if she knew why, and she said, "Because people think it's gross" obviously talking about genitals and feeling very ashamed. That threw me for such a loop, and I felt terrible. After a moment I said, "Yes...but that's because they're stupid. Our bodies aren't gross." I don't know if it was the right answer, but my goal is always to be as honest and age appropriate as possible. Then we talked about safety and hygiene. It was a good lesson for me, that even though children seem so naive to us, they're picking up everything around them.
"We watched an episode and my kid was mortified that Peppa was so mean to George. So we talked about it and I just told her that we aren't going to watch any more because they are not showing kind things. Now when she sees Peppa she says, ""we don't watch Peppa"". I also made sure to tell my family members so she would not see it with them. That show is trash.
ETA: Bluey is a high quality show and entertaining for all. I have legit cried watching it because its pretty realistic in regards to parenting and life in general"
I'm also very fond of Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood
"I used to tell my dad he looked pregnant and he'd tell me he's pregnant with a alien. We'd laugh and my sis would say ""Nuh uhh!"" or something like that. We'd tell him he was old and he'd tell us he was 100. We'd joke with him that way. Idk if it's cultural but my parents never expressed offense to us about it.
My daughter said I looked pregnant once and I laughed and told her it was an alien baby. I also told her that she can only joke like that to me and her dad. She has to remember her audience.
I found out I was actually pregnant later on and she asked me if her brother was really an alien.
Maybe show her that she should remember her audience? It sounds like an opportunity for a lesson to me."
I don’t think the OP’s main problem are about her kid body-shaming others, but about having unhealthy ideals about her body and then possibly developing an ED? At least that’s how I understand it. So I don’t think this solves it, but I just wanna say if your daughter understands at her young age she can say something only to certain people, she must be very smart!
she's 10 but we've been working on it since the OPs daughter's age. I understand it's a lesson in preventing an ED that can start now.
Its thoughtful of you to prioritise this. Remember that the parts about daddy pigs fat tummy probably had more impact on you than on your child and your influence about being positive avout her body etc will be much stronger than that episode of peppa pig. I thibk the action plan you described sounds sensible. Also theres nothing wrong with just stating your opinion when you see stuff like this unexpectedly e.g. "what a load of rubbish! Daddy pig can do whatever he likes. People with big tummys can still touch their toes."
"Obviously, you don't have to watch it, so your plan sounds fine. I know in our house, we would not be able to stop watching it forever. I would add that Daddy Pig is actually quite athletic, so if you wanted you could watch those episodes and have a discussion about them. Off the top of my head, there's one where he's a basketball coach, one where he runs a marathon (by himself) and Sports day where he leads the relay race. He's also a very good ballet dancer and high diver. He even holds a world record for muddy puddle jumping. In almost every case, everyone, especially his family, doubts his ability because of his weight but they are ultimately proven wrong.
Peppa might say ""Daddy can't do X because his tummy is too big"" but she's always wrong."
He IS an expert in such things.
"My child will say ""you've got a big tummy like daddy pig"" and the only reasonable response is ""yes, I have"".
Children point out true things. If you're fat then children will remark on it, in the same way my child reminds me I don't have much hair but mummy does."
My daughter likes to sit on my lap and count how many spots/blemishes I have. Cant do anything about them so we just acknowledge that some people have spotty skin and some dont.
Ehh the observation doesn't bother me as much as the implication that someone can't do something because they are fat.
We watch a lot Peppa pig… daddy pig’s response to any remark about his tummy or inability to participate is always “NONSENSE!” And then he does it anyway. Maybe highlight that with your child if it ever comes up!
There are lots of physical activities which have an upper weight limit for safety.
??? Like what? Have I just not noticed this because I'm thin?
Many activities that require a harness, so rock climbing, bungee jumping to name a couple. Also horse riding. And you can only ride a rollercoaster if you can comfortably fit inside the safety bars.
"Yes! I was obese for my childhood til i was 16, I always kept a list of to do activities I want to do once I lost the weight. To list some off:
Horseback riding
Rock climbing
Those treetop obstacle courses (i was too heavy and had to sit it out on my bday)
Ziplines
Bungee jumping
Rollercoasters
Go karting
Riding comfy in a plane"
This is also teaching your child that fat has a negative connotation. To kids, fat is just an adjective to describe someone, like skinny is. They don't think "gross, disgusting, lazy" like adults do, just fat, bigger in size than the normal weight person. She doesnt mean to insult your husband that way, are you seeing a therapist for your ED recovery?
Bluey is a much better show. Get your little one on that.
"We don't watch Peppa in our house because I don't like how they treat the dad, and too much whining. If you don't want her watching it, I would offer a choice when it's tv time. Paw patrol or Max and Ruby ( or whatever)
I would probably try and chat with my kid if they started saying things like that. ""daddy pig can do lots of things even if his body is bigger"" and reinforce the idea that everyone's body is different."
I know what you mean. I’m fortunate in that no one in my family has a history of obesity or ED, but I also noticed how they are constantly making daddy pig’s weight the butt of the jokes and it bugs me too. I don’t want my kids to think it’s ok to make fun of anyone else’s weight/physical appearance… even though daddy pig always laughs at the jokes I just don’t think it teaches a nice lesson. I pointed it out to my husband not long ago and he agreed
We have a no peppa rule in our house for this exact reason. We just pretty casually say “sorry! No peppa in our house!” and move on. There were tantrums for a few days and now it’s no big deal.
"We watch it with our son and discuss (and criticise) as we see it. For example, when they go to the fair and Mummy Pig is told that 'women are awful at [archery] because it requires skill'; or the one where Daddy Pig ""can't wear a pink football shirt"" and ""it must be one of Mummy's dresses"". These things are never properly addressed in the show, so we address it as we watch. I'll say to my son ""silly Daddy pig - everyone can wear pink!"" or ""someone should have explained that skill isn't based on whether someone is a boy or a girl"".
Double win: teaches the child that the shitty messages in PP don't reflect our values while also teaching them to think about and question what they see."
I dont like the episode where the password into the tree house is "daddys big tummy". Whenever I notice that episode is on, I try to make a point of saying to my LO that it isn't nice that they are making fun of daddy pigs tummy, especially because daddy pig doesn't like it. I don't think LO understands yet, but it doesn't hurt to educate now and consistently. Especially because you will always have kids/people make fun of others for any little thing, you have to help teach your kids how to recognize what are insults and what is a joke, what hurts people feelings.
We only watch short partial episodes on YT while brushing hair and talk about how mean everyone is to Daddy pig. Then we watch Bluey or WordGirl. Eff Peppa.
My kid has a good moral compass but of course needs guidance. I let him watch things he is interested in and then correct him or give him extra things to think about if I don’t agree or if it’s something we don’t say in our family. My son will typically question things… “Why did X say Y to Z? That’s not very nice” so it’s always good to have those conversations. There’s always things to be learned, the world won’t censor itself so constructive and tough conversations I think is the way to go regardless of topic.
We’ve been on a llama llama kick lately. It’s very good from what I’ve seen. I also appreciate that it portrays a single parent family.
i didn't know that!
We're always put off by the disordered eating in the Wiggles. Most times they're eating together Emma will have tea or she's "had breakfast earlier".
She's just telling the story. This sounds like projection
We stopped watching peppa pig for exactly these reasons. It made me uncomfortable as an adult with an old ED. I totally know we can’t protect them from body shaming themes forever, but I also don’t mean to expose them when I can otherwise control it. My 5yo has really just begun to ask questions about why people are different sizes and I don’t want him to think it’s okay to mock them just because his sister thinks the pigs are cute!
WAIT, IS THIS THE FUCK WHY MY TODDLER TOLD MY HUSBAND, “DADDY, WE NEED TO TEACH MOMMY HOW TO STOP EATING” ON XMAS EVE?! He’s been binging Peppa Pig. No pun intended.
Peppa pig is awful and we don't watch it for exactly the same reason. Constant body shaming, whinging and the way she treats others is disgusting. Find something else she enjoys or go do an activity when the awful show comes on.
Unless you want your kid to be a bully then don’t watch peppa pig!!!
"We banned Peppa just because we think her nose looks inappropriate. You don't have to have a good reason for limiting media. Just do what works for you.
I went through and blocked a lot of things from Amazon Prime. Peppa, Blippi, Paw Patrol, and all the terrible low-effort talking car or plane shows."
Yeah, my kid told me I had a fat tummy like Daddy Pig. I was hurt by that, ngl
We banned Peppa pig because he started emulating her 'yuk!'. We still use the toys and books but the actual show is a no (except at the hair dressers where we need huge distractions).
We do streaming only and don’t have a TV. He has to watch shows on an iPad we stick to the wall. So we are able to filter pretty much everything he watches. Any show we don’t like we just tell him it’s not available right now.
We've banned Peppa. My daughter has never watched Peppa. It's an awful show that's lead to believe it's cute but it's not. Awful messaging to send to kids. We watch pbs kids and some Disney stuff like bluey and pj masks.
Start watching Bluey. The structure is similar but it’s a MUCH better show. You will even enjoy it as an adult!

